after a run
four games Alan Casanova paid with his
job as to lose coach replaced by the
Scout Dominique had a badge I also a
former player the Quran Darby his first
assignment against Bordeaux ana ba she
played almost 300 matches for Toulouse
certainly know plenty about this fixture
and we've been delighted with an instant
response with some panera with a
terrific touch and turn and then the
finish to match the ball him from yon
Buddha she just third goal of 2015 for
vendetta his tenth of the season will he
sunny out certainly not impressed but he
wouldn't be delighted by the response of
his team do you go wrong on reacting
quickly terrific finish to get them
level four and three games for the
uruguayan terrific header initially from
cedric iam Barry and when it broke
kindly number nine didn't make a mistake
winners against God and passenger man
his 11th of the season put the match on
level terms well halftime plenty to
think about for both sides Bordeaux had
won the last three Darby's this season
in all the domestic competitions
but it was to lose reacted better after
the break just after the hour mark they
were ahead joy for those who did make it
to la Stadium can a beak with a terrific
header even the goalkeeper with
absolutely no chance is first of the
season first for the club and first
since November 2013 will a skirmish
between a lot of players left la mina
sunny with a booking I would come back
to haunt him later but his teammate Omri
savvy should have done better when
unmarked it's somehow fired wide all the
accusations were passed around by Ali
Mohammed up and the back for to lose
well that was costly as Bordeaux was one
last chance to try and find a leveller
skirmished in their box producing
nothing put her to lose break away and
sunny holding to lose player back
complaints as well seeing him sent off
as the final whistle went celebration
started for to lose they gained a vital
victory although still in the relegation
red
you